11: A Quick Reprieve
You watch as the last of the slime enemies are beaten away from the bridge. Your troops cheer and you return to the castle. As you enter the gates, you see a haggard old woman just inside. She has her one good eye on you, and speaks to you in a voice that sounds as creaky as she looks.

"Our esteemed ruler, I thank you for saving our skins. I am Morgantha. They call me the sage of Northfork. Usually, of course, they call me 'Old Morgantha.'" Her cackle is so shrill, you are sure the windows nearby will shatter.

"I am guessing that you don't know anything about these creatures that are attacking. Luckily, I am old enough to have heard something about them. There is much you must know."

Scoutmaster Tara and High General McBeige approach the two of you. It is resolved that the scouts will return to the field this night to watch over the roads and observe enemy movements. The High General informs you that more of the outer patrols have returned to the castle, though not all of them.

You head to your quarters and lie down to get what little rest you can. Somehow, the night passes without incident. In the morning, a few straggling slime-monsters have wandered into the battlefield, giving you an excellent opportunity to try out more of that magic weapon McBeige gave you yesterday.


12: Along the East Road
"I see you have mastered the use of the Revolving Shield. A nice little toy that will come in handy for you, I'm sure," Morgantha says. She was waiting for you in the staging area behind the gate.

"The enemy you are fighting is called the Green Slime. Yes, yes, very original. I know," she says, giving you a snaggle-toothed grin. "But here is what you may not know: those who come into direct contact with the Slime fall victim to its control!"

So those weren't traitors who attacked you in Wisteria uniforms. McBeige would be relieved to hear that.

High General McBeige approaches and salutes you. He reports that slime creatures have been spotted to the east, so that is where the first excursion will be headed. He has put a small group of soldiers together, and you ride out in search of answers.


13: The East Tower
When you return to the castle, Morgantha is waiting with more information.

"The Slime seemed to first emerge shortly after the disappearance of your mother, the Crown-Princess Imogen. At the time, some people thought that the two were related. In fact, your father, Royal Consort Frederick, was so convinced that he took a search party out to look for her. And then he disappeared, too."

"It seems that the Slime particularly likes the taste of your family. You ought to be careful out there, your Royal Highness," she cackles at you.

After a fruitless search, you awaken the next morning and set off to clear Slime out of the next area.


14: Deserted Monastery
After your return, Morgantha tells you a little about the mother you lost when you had not yet seen four winters.

"Aye, she was a restless thing, your mother. Princess Imogen always wanted to see more of the world. She wanted to crawl through every cave and climb every mountain. She came to visit me often to hear my teachings of herbs and potions."

Morgantha continues speaking highly of your mother. The next morning, you set off with more troops and more provisions, aiming to reach the village of Easthaven before dark. You first come across a deserted monastery...


15: Easthaven Village
As you enter the chapel of the monastery, an eerie chill fills the air. All of the pews are scattered toward the walls, and a large scorch mark is seared into the ground in the center of the room.

You notice several odd looking books on the altar. One is open to a page full of unidentifiable text that makes your eyes swim as you gaze upon it. You shut it quickly, and stuff them into your pack despite how uneasy they make you feel.

You and your troops continue farther down the road until you reach Easthaven Village.


16: Alazar's Tradepost
After defeating the slime-beings in the village, you and the troops camp there for the night, thankfully, without incident. The next morning, after finding nothing unusual, you head back to the castle to resupply.

Once there, you give the odd tomes you found to Morgantha. Her eyes grow wide when she sees them, and she mutters a prayer under her breath. She takes them and promises to find out what she can. You wish you had Magus DaZel at a time like this, but unfortunately his tower is still impenetrable.

The next morning, you take yet more troops and supplies, and aim to go as far as you can before camping for the night. You make it past Easthaven to Alazar's Tradepost.

17: Smuggler's Cave
Once the Tradepost is rid of slime monsters, it makes a good place to camp and resupply. It was once the hub of all eastward trade. You wonder what happened to Alazar and his family, and hope that they escaped in time.

The next morning, you continue on your way east, fighting slowly as you go along. You stop at the Smuggler's Cave, once a hub of less-than-legal but not outright dangerous activity.


18: Albin's Wheat Farm
You make camp at the cave, and find more supplies to sustain your journey. Continuing east, you notice that you start to encounter the Slime far more often. Luckily, at your insistence, your troops have been careful and you have not lost any to the nefarious control of this evil entity.

You continue on, and stop at Albin's Wheat Farm, one of the farms primarily responsible for sustaining the food supply of your kingdom. The farming infrastructure will have to be entirely rebuilt if your kingdom is to survive.


19: Magus Research Outpost
After camping at the farm, you resume your journey. You realize that the road and the trail of slime-people is leading you toward the mysterious Elder Ruins. They have been there longer than any historical accounts can remember.

You first stop at the research outpost that had been set up by some of Magus DaZel's apprentices. They were studying the ruins before the Magus called them all back to his tower to help with some experiment.


20: The Elder Ruins
You struggle to clear the outpost of Slime, but you succeed and look over all of the research notes you have liberated. You see numerous references to someone called "Ixrazidious," who also seems to be called "The Great One" and "The Old One."

Your troops rest for a few hours while you go over the notes and learn what you can. Most of it seems to require previous knowledge, but you collect everything into your pack anyway.

Refereshed and reinvigorated, you and your troops continue into the Elder Ruins...


21: Along the West Road
After clearing the ruins with some difficulty, you investigate the enormous dais in the center of what was once the main building of the place. In the center of the dais is a crystal statuette of a talon holding an eye.

When you touch the statuette, it somehow causes you unbearable searing pain. You decide that something this dangerous definitely shouldn't be left here where it apparently belongs. You grab a cloth bag and carefully remove the statuette. When you take it off the dais, you hear a screech that seems to come from nowhere and everywhere at once. After that, the eerie feeling lessens somewhat, and you hasten to return home.

Morgantha hurries toward you. "Oh thank the stars that you are safe, my Liege! I have figured out what the tomes you found refer to! They contain summoning rituals to speak to the Old God Ixrazidious!" she exclaims.

You briefly recount the tale of your recent adventure. Morgantha and High General McBeige both listen intently. You hand Morgantha the notes you found, as well as the bag containing the crystal claw. She informs you that this artifact is for focusing dark, otherworldly energy to strengthen the Old God's powers in this world. Luckily, you removed it from the ritual room and interrupted whatever nefarious plans were in place.

"Well, it doesn't seem that we'll be relaxing for long," sighs McBeige. "More slime zombies have been spotted to the west, and I have a new company of rested troops ready for you tomorrow morning."

Exhausted, you trudge up to your quarters in the keep and gladly let slumber overtake you. You curse the sun the next morning as it wakes you through your window, and get ready for the march onward. You head out west today.


22: McPherson's Lumbermill
Continuing along the road, you come to McPherson's Lumbermill. Before the Slime attacked, old man McPherson ran the lumbermill closest to the castle. Business was booming since the castle demanded a great deal of lumber, and the logging camp was nearby.

Today, the mill stands still, except for the mindless slime-slaves crawling everywhere.


23: Baldwood Logging Camp
After clearing the mill, you return to the castle before going further. Morgantha has news to report.

"I have been working on a little something, my Liege," she winks at you with her one good eye. "I have concocted here a little counter-agent to those mind-slaving powers of theirs. We've tested it on one of the straggling slime-zombies around here, and it set the poor soul back to rights. He was a little nauseuos, I grant."

She gives you several flasks of the stuff to coat your weapons and armor with, and says she'll send a runner out with more later. In the meantime, you go off to Baldwood Logging Camp to try out her concoction. You remember that you always thought that "Baldwood," named for the perpetually leafless trees, was hilarious.


24: Starling Hollow
Morgantha's brew worked perfectly! You saved everyone who remained in the logging camp, and a few villagers from Starling Hollow that wandered over. Starling Hollow is your next stop, and you'll need a lot of the brew to deal with the mind-controlled villagers.

Morgantha's runner arrives just in time with a fresh supply of potions. High General McBeige has also sent word that he will begin leading small expeditions back out east to save any remaining people from the clutches of this menace.

You continue on the road to Starling Hollow.


25: Abandoned Library
Starling Hollow has been cleared, and you have a lot of Morgantha's brew left, so you press on. The next point of interest along the road is a library that had formerly been open to all travelers.

Now, it sits in a state of disarray, crawling with slimed readers and librarians alike. You ready your weapons.


26: Crocodile Creek
Liberating the library went smoothly, and you scoured the shelves and questioned the librarians for any information they might possibly have about this mysterious and terrible Ixrazidious.

Unfortunately, you come up empty-handed. You make camp for the night in the library, and a new runner is meets you in the morning with another cache of Morgantha's brew. You press on to Crocodile Creek, named for the obvious proliferation of a certain animal.


27: Petrified Forest
Continuing forward, you notice as you did before that the slime-beings seem to be getting more and more abundant. You take this as a good sign that you are getting closer to something important.

You and your troops continue on to the Petrified Forest. This forest is essentially untouched, as the wood useless to the lumber industry.


28: Hermit's Hut
After passing through the forest, you come accross a small hut encrusted with vines and weeds. Out back, you see a small vegetable garden and two chickens. Seems that some sort of hermit lives here. You knock to determine whether anyone conscious remains in this place.


29: The Shallows
After freeing the hermit from the slime-induced malaise, you are able to glean some information from him. It appears that you are getting closer and closer to the source of the dark powers in this region.

Though you cannot make much sense of the hermit's words, but he seems to constantly be muttering something about "the cave" and how "he's coming to get me." You take it to mean that some man in a cave is the source of this mess.

A soldier in your party who originates from this area informs you that there is a marsh cave farther to the west. You decide to investigate this further, and after camping at the hermit's hut, you cautiously make your way to The Shallows. This area is named for the seemingly shallow and harmless mud pits that are quick to suck in anything trying to make its way across.


30: Damp Marsh Cave
Luckily some of your soldiers are locals, and you make it across the Shallows without incident, other than the brief attack of Slime.

Entering the cave, you are met with the same eerie atmosphere as you encountered in the Elder Ruins far to the east. You descend further and further into the cave, carefully observing everything as you go. You notice some of the same runic writing on the walls as you found in the Elder Ruins.

You finally make it to what seems to be the bottom level of the cave, and it opens into a large chamber with pools of slime-defiled water on either side. In the large center area of the chamber, surrounded by slime-creatures and mind-slaves seemingly under his command, is the figure of a man.

He turns to face you, and you are shocked to see the face of your father, Royal Consort Frederick, staring emptily at you. He must have been here for decades! You hope that Morgantha's brew will still work on him.

He extends a single arm in your direction, and screeches what sound like words in some unknown tongue. The slime-beasts all move in the direction of your troops, and you ready yourself for a fight.


31: Northward Bridge
Morgantha's brew works on him indeed, and Frederick falls back as if dizzy. He is overcome with the nausea Morgantha warned you about, but soon comes to his senses, as do the people around him, who would seem to be those who were in his search party all those years ago.

He is still disoriented and does not recognize you. After all, why should he? He disappeared long ago. He does recognize the uniforms, though, and manages a raspy "Wis... teria... ?"

You assure him that you and your soldiers belong to the kingdom of Wisteria, and some of your troops help the newly-freed people out of the cave. After leaving the oppressive atmosphere of the cave, they seem much better. Either way, it is slow going back to your castle, and you arrive some time later.

After a long night's rest in the keep, you feel reinvigorated and ready to take on the next challenge. You leave Frederick and his search party to rest in the castle as High General McBeige musters a new company for you to lead out into the last region of your kingdom.

You load up on more of Morgantha's indespensible brew and head north to the bridge that you defended about a week ago.


32: The Standing Stones
After a short skirmish at the bridge, you decide to press on to the Standing Stones, another old monument in your kingdom. They are enormous pillars of rock with runes carved all the way down. Thankfully, you notice that the runes are nothing like the ones you keep seeing when you encounter the forces of Ixrazidious.


33: Northfork Village
After the Standing Stones, you return to the castle to resupply. When Morgantha learns that you are heading next to her home village, she gives you a nice, long list of items to bring back for her.

Frederick emerges from the keep, and thanks you heartily for rescuing him and freeing him and his party from a fate worse than death. He says that High General McBeige filled him in on what he has missed in the past years. He embraces you.

"I cannot believe that I have missed my own child growing up! How difficult it must be to have the fate of the entire kingdom on your shoulders. I must say that you are handling it admirably. It seems that you are close to defeating whatever this evil force is. I only hope that you are able to find Imogen," he says sorrowfully.

High General McBeige meets you at the gate. "We've cleared out the eastern parts of the kingdom, thanks to Morgantha's brew. I'll be sure to hold the castle steady for you as you go off to hopefully finally defeat whatever is causing this."

They wish you luck, and you and your company are off to Northfork Village.


34: Odd Runes
After clearing the village and freeing all of its inhabitants, some of them inform you of a circle of odd runes on the northern outskirts of the village. You and your party head north to take a look.


35: Crow's Nest Hill
You find an enormous summoning circle, almost 50 yards in diameter. Much to your dismay, the runes around it are indeed of the Ixrazidious-type. In fact, they resemble the same rituals you originally found in the books in the old abandoned monastery to the southeast.

There seems to be nothing left to glean any new information from, so you decide to leave this evil place. First, you instruct your men to stamp out and destroy the circle. Hopefully, this will disrupt whatever ritual they were planning.

You continue on to Crow's Nest Hill, named such because it towers over all the surrounding land and affords those who climb to its crest a completely unobstructed view. Such a vantage point will prove useful for scouting.


36: Whispering Wood
The Crow's Nest revealed little you did not know or assume already. It seems that the eastern and western parts of your kingdom are doing much better, but an evil aura still seems to hang over the north.

You return to the castle to share what you have found in the last few encounters. As soon as you return, you are met with terrible news. General McBeige was slain in an ambush by slime-monsters. They have gotten bolder, or more desparate.

You mourn the death of such a capable general. Unfortunately, you cannot leave the castle without a leader. You hand a provisional promotion to one of the current Mid Generals, Daria Mussel. You direct Frederick to work together with her in defense of the castle.

In the meantime, after resting and resupplying yet again, you head back out into the field and make your way to the Whispering Wood.


37: The Summer Home
The slime cultists you encounter in the woods are quickly defeated and freed from their mind-control. You continue on your way north and arrive at what your family calls "The Summer Home."

This is a castle that belonged to one side of the family, before they united their territories through marriage generations ago. The capital of the kingdom was placed at the larger Wisteria Castle, and the other castle was dubbed the "Summer Home" because the family tended not to be there often. Now, it was being used as an orphanage and a schoolhouse.

Much to your dismay, you find the gate broken open, and the place is crawling with slime-slaves.


38: Halls of Healing
You manage to free all of the denizens of the small castle, and are eager to press on. You feel as though you're closing in on whatever it is that is causing this. 

After a brief rest, you set off further north. After a long while of walking, you come upon the Halls of Healing. These used to be the last sanctuary for weary travelers before they had to travel through the treacherous mountain pass into the neighboring kingdom. Now, however, they are just as full of slime as everywhere else.


39: Belladonna's Iron Company
You spend a night's rest at the Halls of Healing after clearing it. The healers there tend to the wounds of your troops and tell you that they sense the evil is coming from the iron mines to the north.

You set off toward the ominous mountain, with the camp of Belladonna's Iron Company still at its foot. You press onwards, eager to face whoever the leader of this cult of Ixrazidious is, or perhaps an actual avatar of the Old God.


40: Depths of the Iron Mines
You quickly clear the camp of slime-zombies and enter the mines. The descent is slow and arduous, and you can barely see five feet in front of you. You and your troops are careful to repel any attacks by slime-monsters on the way down.

Eventually, after what seems like hours, you reach a chamber that does not seem to have any more downward slope. It is a small room, almost like a foyer, with a single opening in the wall resembling a doorway. You see evil runes around the door in the half-light.

You feel the eerie chill again, and this time it is stronger than it has ever been before. A sudden terror and urge to flee crosses your mind, but you fight it back. You see your troops in the groups of the same terror, and you try to bolster their morale. You talk of the many civilians they have saved thus far, and that the kingdom will hail them as heroes once they return from this last quest. It seems to work somewhat.

You steel yourself and pass through the doorway, determined to end the threat to your kingdom once and for all. The chill intensifies as you pass deeper into the second chamber. You hear hoarse whispers, groans, and muttering in the same evil tongue you heard before, but you cannot find the source of any of these sounds. You feel things akin to seaweed or tentacles brush your limbs, but when you jerk back and look, you see nothing there.

You pass deeper into the cavern, and the hallucinations get stronger and stronger as they try to overtake your will. The whispering is almost screaming now. A screaming and pounding in your head. You see a single figure, ringed with what seem to be countless slime-creatures. The figure is obscured by the darkness.

It begins to speak in the foul tongue of Ixrazidious, and an involuntary shudder passes through you. You see your troops beginning to panic, and you know you must do something.

"IN THE NAME OF WISTERIA, I COMMAND YOU TO SHOW YOURSELF AND ANSWER FOR THE CRIMES YOU HAVE COMMITTED UPON OUR PEOPLE!" you shout, hoping the volume will turn the soldiers' wavering confidence around.

The figure moves slowly toward you. It steps into the light and you see its face. It is your mother, Imogen. Somehow, you are not surprised. You ready yourself for a fight.

Imogen is clearly being controlled, and it is evident that Ixrazidious is speaking through her. "Foolish pest, was it you who disrupted my summoning circle?! You shall pay for being such an insufferable thorn in my plans! This world will be mine to devour!"